[THEME MUSIC]
>> In the Book of
Acts, in the Bible,
it is claimed that in the last
days, humans will prophesy,
that they would have dreams and
they would dream of the future.
Is this possible?
Can we humans perceive
possible future events
or could someone or
something reveal it to us?
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
Welcome aboard,
"The Arc of Time."
[THEME MUSIC]
Skeptics think that
prophecies arise
from superstition and fear
and that, in short, they
do not exist.
It's that simple.
And they add that
religions have been
used as systems of control.
Perhaps on this
point, we may agree.
They also argue that
the prophecies are not
always fulfilled, that they
are inaccurate, ethereal,
and that their content is
at the mercy of whomever
interprets them.
I recognize that,
in general, this
is right, especially with
those predictions that
have a cryptic message.
But are all prophecies a fraud?
Within the different
predictions,
is there any evidence of
authentic prophecies that
would invite us to reflect?
And if that were so,
how does it work?
What or who activates
that gift of prophecy?
Let's see, according
to the Royal
Academy of the Spanish
Language, prophecy
is a supernatural
gift that consists
of knowing distant
or future things
through divine inspiration.
In my opinion, this is a
partial definition and perhaps
deep-seated in religion.
If we understand "divine,"
in quotation marks,
as a manifestation of God
or of spiritual beings
before a witness who later
write down their visions, just
as different prophets
in the Bible,
this mystery of the prophets
is actually a lot bigger.
How should we
interpret the messages
that come from close encounters
with extraterrestrials
or even other types
of experiences
like the apparitions of Mary?
Also, not all prophecies
arise from the manifestation
of a supernatural divine being.
There are predictions
that are triggered thanks
to the psychic
sensitivity of the seer
or are released through access
to privileged knowledge, which
will then be written
in a coded language
only for those
who know the code.
The world of prophecies,
for this and other reasons,
is extremely complex
and shies away
from those religious
undertones that many
have placed on it
due to ignorance
and lack of information.
It is important to mention
that for several authors,
there is an important difference
between the terms "prophecy"
and "prediction."
Predicting means announced
by revelation, science,
or conjecture that something
is going to happen.
That is, a prophecy would
have a supernatural signature,
and a prediction can be based
on knowledge and deduction.
On this issue, probably,
the mythical Nostradamus
would be a worthy example
of both definitions.
The French astrologer,
Rosicrucian initiate,
physician, and clairvoyant could
have written his prophecies
thanks to the access that
he had to secret information
that allowed him to
deduce future events.
Nostradamus
contrasted his studies
with what he called
the Spirit of Fire,
his secret supernatural
inspiration.
Nostradamus, as we will
recall, this great prophet
of the 16th century,
had several successes,
such as the emergence of Hitler
himself, his role in World War
II, the explosion
of atomic bombs,
which we mentioned in
the previous episode
when we discussed the
problems with Trinity
or even the assassination
of President Kennedy
or the strange death
of Pope John Paul I.
However, Nostradamus
went beyond that.
And in a letter that he
left to his son, Cesar,
he spoke of a cosmic order.
He implied that all the
things that he had written
in a cryptic way were so that
he wouldn't be persecuted,
so he wouldn't be questioned,
to protect himself
and so that the information
would reach someone
capable of understanding it.
And it hadn't been just his
own work, his inspiration
of alleged evidence.
But Nostradamus would have
read that cosmic order,
a type of celestial geometric
map that any human being can
interpret by studying
numbers from a very
ancient esoteric astrology, also
from very old manuscripts, that
appeared to contain information
about the human psyche
and how it is interrelated
to information that
is being experienced in
other planes of reality, what
some esoteric sources call
the records of the memory
of the universe or
the Akashic records.
The letter that
Nostradamus leaves his son,
Cesar, is incredible.
He calls it the cosmic order.
Does this mean that any person,
like the great Rosacrucian
and French doctor
did in his time,
with this privileged knowledge
could see the possible future?
But if the past and the
present and the future
are just illusions,
what is the future?
Consequence of our decisions
or simply variables
in a huge cosmic fabric?
But there is another
case that personally
has impressed me more than
that of Nostradamus, himself.
I mean the prophetic drawings
of Benjamin Solari Parravicini,
the Nostradamus of the Americas,
the Argentine Nostradamus.
Benjamin Solari Parravicini was
born in Buenos Aires, August 8,
1898.
A son of Buenos
Aires aristocracy,
he spent much of his
childhood in his parents'
tree-lined villa in the
Palermo neighborhood
of the city of Buenos Aires
and North of the city,
in Vicente Lopez's mansion,
located about 10 kilometers
from the capital.
His family told me that Pel칩n,
a term of endearment for him,
had numerous episodes
of abstraction when
he played alone as a
young child in the gardens
of those properties.
According to these accounts,
Benjamin Solari Parravicini,
as a boy, all of a sudden seemed
to disconnect from everything
in those gardens.
Meanwhile, the birds
left their nests.
They approached
him without fear,
and they fluttered in
circles around him.
They seemed to
communicate with him.
And the disturbing thing
is that in those moments,
little Benjamin saw and heard
luminous entities, supposed
imaginary friends that the
boy called fairies or beings
of nature, in his own words.
As if that were not enough,
later came paranormal phenomena
that his family witnessed.
They observed that
objects in the house
would move from one
place to another.
Some very heavy bronze lamps
would levitate off of tables.
They levitated in the
air during those moments
when Benjamin seemed
to be in a trance.
Or was there something that
was approaching Benjamin Solari
Parravicini that was generating
this paranormal activity?
A fact worthy of mention
is that Benjamin's father,
Pel칩n's father, Dr.
Benjamin Tom치s Solari,
a renowned psychiatrist
who became a Congressman
in Argentina, worried so
much about his child's health
when all this began that it
was hard for him to believe.
It seemed to him that
it was impossible.
And without
hesitation, he decided
to subject his little
son, incredibly,
to a series of medical
and psychological testing
to rule out that he was crazy.
He even asked for a
third-party panel of doctors
to do an objective assessment.
However, he didn't
find any illness.
The child, little
Benjamin, was healthy.
It was around 1938 that
his prophetic drawings
began to become known.
We're talking about prophecies
that covered diverse topics,
such as geopolitics,
possible wars, space travel,
planetary changes, climate
change, and even contact
with extraterrestrial beings.
Allow me to read you some of
his extraordinary predictions.
Extraterrestrial beings will
once again arrive on Earth.
They will arrive in
different spaceships
from different
planets, and they will
inhabit the mountain craters
of the Andes and Patagonia
in the South.
They will live
together with humans.
They will be seen and spoken to.
This prophecy, from 1939.
This other one says invisible
beings dwell in the world.
Their small ships land
in trees and on houses,
radiating on human beings
every idea for good.
This also corresponds to 1939.
In the face of constant visits
of extraterrestrial ships,
science will deny it, then
hesitate, and will finally
say it is true.
And our wisdom
has fallen behind.
Centuries watch over
and contemplate us.
This corresponds
to the year 1940.
This one here states
extraterrestrial races
will return to the Earth.
They will occupy
underground cities
that were once theirs
and still inhabited
by their acclimatized
natives, will go down
to reestablish customs
that were superior to ours
but have now disappeared.
They will manifest
themselves telepathically
in the year 2000,
Parravicini affirms
in this message from 1959.
This one here says all starships
are built with materials
still unknown on Earth.
These ships are light, molded
in one piece without any joints.
The ship owner is also sealed
in a full, seamless SCUBA suit
and some are even
transparent and blue.
Our hottest fire will
not heat nor pierce
the material of either.
1960.
They are very old messages,
even before the modern UFO era.
It should be noted that these
messages and these descriptions
of sightings and close
encounters, which
are very similar to
the modern experiences
that all of us different
contact witnesses have had.
Perhaps Parravicini was
the first contact witness
of that time, since,
as I mentioned,
he began to receive the first
messages or at least he went
public with them in the
decade of the 1930s,
a time much earlier than
Adamski and the Roswell case.
But where did these
messages come from?
There are multiple
hypotheses and specialists
in Parravicini's
psychographics do not agree.
Some assume that it
was clairvoyance,
Parravicini's abilities as
a medium to receive messages
from other realities.
Other scholars believe
that Parravicini channeled
some type of spiritual energy
of people who had already passed
and who had delivered to the
medium, Parravicini, messages
and warnings of events
that were going to occur.
In fact, some of
the psychographics
seem to be along that line.
However, there are others
who insinuate contact
with extraterrestrials or as if
a non-human intelligence were
describing some things.
In that vein,
Parravicini, himself,
stated in the late 1960s
that he had a close encounter
with extraterrestrials.
According to our
research, that contact
would have happened
sometime in the year 1961.
According to the
testimony of Parravicini,
in the heart of the
city of Buenos Aires,
a fog or mist came upon him
with a strange personage
in the middle of this
mist, a mist that
reminds me of
other contact cases
that have been recorded
in unique ufological case
histories.
Objects that have the
ability to concentrate light,
a dense light,
which I said, looks
like a mist that
could correspond
to a shortcut, a portal
between dimensions
to absorb the witnesses and
take them to another reality.
Also, the case of what are
called light tubes or energy
columns, clear and
compact, that can
absorb a person and physically
take them inside these vessels.
In fact, that's what Parravicini
maintains having experienced
in the city of Buenos Aires.
Because through the mist, he
was carried inside an object.
He had lost consciousness,
bearings of the streets
and the city.
And suddenly, he
was inside an object
he describes as circular
with human looking beings
of extraterrestrial origin,
as they presented themselves
to him.
In fact, he identified
these beings as messengers
from Venus, a planet that,
according to our science,
it is impossible for
it to hold any kind
of intelligent civilization,
unless the alleged
extraterrestrials
from Venus are living
in another plane of reality.
To this, I must add
quite a footnote.
Adamski also
interpreted that Orthon,
whom he mentioned and he
interviewed in the California
desert, came from Venus.
Anyway, these beings
told Parravicini
we have been following you.
We have been tracking
your behavior,
and you are telepathic.
And we communicate
through the mind,
and we will send you messages.
And among these messages,
there was a very particular
disturbing warning
from these beings.
They told him about a world.
They told him about an object
of a traveling planet, which is
nothing more than an asteroid.
They called it Kief, which
should not be confused
with the capital of Ukraine.
The name or code of that
object is called Kief.
Others know it as Wormwood,
if we base ourselves
on the biblical prophecies.
Other scholars, such as my dear
friend, Spanish journalist,
JJ Benitez, called it Gog.
The extraterrestrials
who contacted Parravicini
said that the object was on a
collision course with our world
and that an impact
with the Earth
would generate a change in axis.
They indicated not the date but
certain planetary conditions
that were going to coincide
with this incident.
According to our interpretations
of his prophetic drawings,
times when the Earth
was going to face
serious armed conflicts,
intense climate change, plagues,
confusion, social behaviors
very different from those
of Parravicini's time.
He passed away in the year 1974.
We can understand perfectly that
almost a half-century later,
our society is very
different from what our dear
Pel칩n experienced in his time.
And all these events pointed
to a decadence of a society.
They pointed to greater
conflicts of coexistence
between us.
And in that moment,
the dead planet,
the traveling planet
would hit our world.
Here, we are looking at some
of the psychographics that
mention that impact, which would
occur somewhere in the Atlantic
Ocean.
Is this a fact that
we can't change?
Is this going to
happen inevitably?
Or is it just a
warning, a warning
to correct so that human beings,
in some way, by their behavior
could activate some mechanisms?
Let's call them magical,
divine, supernatural.
I don't know what term to use
for these events not to happen
and for humanity to
get a second chance.
I should add that in addition
to the Argentine Nostradamus,
Parravicini, the
French Nostradamus,
along with different prophecies
of the Earth, from the Bible
to what is said by
the Hopi Indians,
also refer to the star
or object or this comet,
of this punishment that
could come from the sky
and impact us.
It is a warning that is in
different sources in our world.
It is, in every way, a prophecy.
And this is what I wanted to
get to in this current episode.
According to the
extraterrestrials,
and here I speak directly
of our personal experience,
the prophecies, warning
of future events
are just that,
information coordinates
to act and change things.
It is true that the universe
is mathematical, geometric,
and perfect and that
there are things
that are already preprogrammed.
There are things
that are already
designed in a cosmic order.
But free will also
exists, which,
with greater
consciousness, allows
us to interact with
that cosmic order
and make some changes as
if it were the fine print
in a big contract.
And that's what Nostradamus
said to his son, Cesar,
to some extent.
A great cosmic order that
you have to understand,
which is also what
Parravicini understood.
This is why some prophecies
have chillingly been fulfilled.
And there are others
that have not yet
happened because maybe, we have
bought ourselves some time.
Here, I would like
to explain what
we could do, as humans, for
certain astonishing events,
unheard of, such as the impact
of a celestial body, which
could affect us, a threat
from space, which shouldn't be
the focus of our attention
because for example, NASA
has created a space protection
system for early detection
of possible objects that
could impact the Earth
and try to divert them.
It's a real threat.
Although scientists say
such an event will not
occur in the next 10,000
years, you never know.
And it's as if the
entire universe
were organized around a planet
that is not living properly
and attracts similar
things to its life.
I know you're going
to understand me.
There is information that I
call the Sodom and Gomorrah
protocol.
As you may recall,
three heavenly envoys,
supposed angels,
approach Abraham
and warn him that Sodom
and Gomorrah are going
to be plagued by disaster.
Abraham asks these beings,
who came from heaven, how
it is possible that
they leave Sodom
and Gomorrah to their fate.
Despite the mistakes of the
people who live in those cities
that they had to avoid it.
That it was unthinkable to
allow something to happen that
would devastate them.
Then Abraham proposes
to these beings
from heaven, whoever
they were, that if there
were righteous people
in Sodom and Gomorrah,
would they stop it?
Would they help these people
so that these towns and cities
would not be destroyed?
And these angels said, yes.
If they were just people,
truly just, they would stop it.
If I were to find 50 just
people, only 50 just people,
would you stop it?
And they said, yes.
But Abraham began to
reduce the number.
If there were 10 just people
and if there were fewer.
And he realized
that there were not
enough good people to
justify the intervention
of these beings in our timeline.
Therefore, they did not
avoid Sodom and Gomorrah
being destroyed by that
phenomenon that happened.
We don't know what.
Some talk about the
impact of meteor showers,
that these beings,
possibly extraterrestrials,
knew about and could only warn
Abraham's family so that they
could flee from this situation.
This is very interesting to
me, because it reminds me
of the current, very strict
protocols of extraterrestrials.
They say that if a
percentage of humanity,
a type of critical mass,
begins to live in consciousness
with greater balance,
it could justify
the actions of the other
civilizations that observe us.
It could even enable entities,
maybe not extraterrestrials,
but those who are aware of
other planes and realities,
to make some modification
in the events
in order to give us more
time if we deserve it.
But if we don't
achieve that, if we
don't generate
that critical mass,
there will be no Sodom
and Gomorrah protocol,
and no one will come to help us.
Because the message is simple.
The human species
has to help itself.
It has to acquire consciousness
and a peaceful behavior, love
for this planet and
for their peers.
And only when they
start to sow and to reap
is when all the help
of the universe and all
the evolved creatures
that live in it
could then lend us a hand.
It's what Benjamin Solari
Parravicini, the way I see it,
called the appearance
of "the grey men,"
who isn't a particular person.
Many have interpreted it
religiously or politically,
in Argentina, by studying
his psychographics.
The Grey Man, the Grey
Mass, the Grey Flower,
as seen in his prophetic
drawings, talks about balance.
Talks about the center.
Talks about human beings finding
that equilibrium in the middle,
not the fallacy of
the false dilemma
that everything is
black or everything
is white, but of the
balance in the center
of the critical mass that will
finally emerge on this planet
as Parravicini believed
and will end up
giving us a great opportunity.
In the case of the
alleged extraterrestrials
from the planet Venus, we
would have to analyze it
in greater detail.
For example, in the
case of George Adamski,
it was an interpretation that
these beings came from Venus
through some
drawings that he was
able to use to illustrate
his experience with Orthon
in the desert of California.
Also, the footprints
that were left
by the boots of this alleged
extraterrestrial and that
were in some way
preserved by George Hunt
Williamson and the witnesses who
were with Adamski at the time,
these footprints contain
symbols and messages
that were also interpreted as
part of the information that
was delivered by Orthon.
With signs and
gestures, he explained
to Adamski, or at least, that
was how Adamski interpreted it,
that he came from Venus.
In Parravicini's
case, it was different
because there are messages
from these beings, where
they directly
introduced themselves
as beings from Venus.
I could talk about other
very famous contact cases,
like Howard Mengers, here
in the United States,
who also spoke of
extraterrestrial entities
from Venus.
It is very difficult to talk
about extraterrestrial entities
on a planet so close
to Earth that could
have been mapped by satellite.
And there is not any
evidence that a civilization
exists in the way that we
would expect in that world.
However, according to messages
we have received in contact
experiences, it is affirmed
that beings from distant stars,
I'm speaking in this case of
the constellation of Taurus,
the Pleiades stars,
have established
different colonies in our
solar system, on Earth and also
on Venus.
But according to what
these messages say,
they are interdimensional
colonies.
They are not physical
colonies able to be
detected by our primitive,
antiquated space technology.
And the description that
Benjamin Solari Parravicini
made, from his
alleged experience
inside the unidentified
flying object,
is very similar
to the description
made by Adamski of
Orthon, very human
looking beings with long,
blond hair, even on men,
and dressed in the typical
bodysuit or jumpsuit,
in some cases.
That is, clothes a little
looser but still one-piece
clothing with boots and only
the hands and face uncovered.
I'm sure Benjamin Solari
Parravicini did not
have access to ufology
information from the United
States back then.
We are talking about his
contract, which was in 1961.
At that time, these experiences
were not widely reported,
let alone in Argentina.
His circle was far from
ufology, since Benjamin Solari
Parravicini was a
renowned visual artist,
a renowned painter,
who did not mix
in these settings of
ufology and esotericism.
He was simply a channel, a
contact witness, maybe a seer,
a guy with paranormal gifts,
who had these experiences.
And obviously, when he made
them known in the 1960s,
he was ridiculed.
Only after several
events have happened
that appear in
his psychographics
is he now considered one of the
most important modern prophets
maybe in history.
Beyond Nostradamus
and Parravicini,
there are many other
cases of mediums
able to connect with the future.
Right now, I recall the
readings of Edgar Cayce, known
as the sleeping
prophet, for example.
How did they all do it?
Some, perhaps,
because they possessed
privileged information.
Others, for their
ability to connect
to what has been called the
magnetic or spiritual records
of the Earth, a kind of
temporary cosmic library,
reminiscent of the
Eastern concept
of Akasha, which I
have already mentioned.
More than a few, who
received their revelations
from extrahuman sources, be they
spiritual or extraterrestrial.
Analyzing these
experiences in perspective,
we could conclude
that there is not
a lot of difference between
an extraterrestrial contact
witness, a medium,
and a native shaman.
They all have
something in common,
the extraordinary
states of consciousness
and the connection with
those other realities.
Is it that there are preparation
protocols for that contact
with those other dimensions,
with those other realities?
We'll see in our next episode.
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez
Corpancho, and we're
traveling on "The Arc of Time."
[THEME MUSIC]